`azurerm_web_application_firewall_policy`: support `rate_limit_*` and `request_body_*` properties (#23239)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/web_application_firewall_policy.html.markdown

* `priority` - (Required) Describes priority of the rule. Rules with a lower value will be evaluated before rules with a higher value.

* `rule_type` - (Required) Describes the type of rule. Possible values are `MatchRule`, `RateLimitRule` and `Invalid`.

* `match_conditions` - (Required) One or more `match_conditions` blocks as defined below.

* `action` - (Required) Type of action. Possible values are `Allow`, `Block` and `Log`.

> * `rate_limit_duration` - (Optional) Specifies the duration the rate limit policy will be applied. Should be used with `RateLimitRule` rule type. Possible values are `FiveMins` and `OneMin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rate_limit_duration` - (Optional) Specifies the duration at which the rate limit policy will be applied. Should be used with `RateLimitRule` rule type. Possible values are `FiveMins` and `OneMin`.
```

* `log_scrubbing` - (Optional) One `log_scrubbing` block as defined below.

> * `request_body_inspect_limit_in_kb` - (Optional) Specifies the max inspection limit in KB for request body inspection for the WAF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `request_body_inspect_limit_in_kb` - (Optional) Specifies the maximum request body inspection limit in KB for the Web Application Firewall. Defaults to `128`.
```
